First draft of EuroPython WASM summit report. TODO: @jezdez to add more notes. (#5)
psf/webassembly: meetings/2023/webassembly-summit-europython.md

Held in Prague. Event website here: https://ep2023.europython.eu/wasm

We had around 30 folks register, with the vast majority turning up, along with
"on the day" hangers on.

The day was organised as an un-conference by Nicholas and Roman and split in
two parts: ad hoc presentations in the morning, with discussions, hacking etc
in the afternoon.

## Presentations

The talks presented in the morning were:

* PyScript - a quick overview (Nicholas Tollervey - Anaconda)
* Load time and download size for Python in the browser (Roman Yurchak -
  Pyodide)
* Emscripten Forge (Thorsten Beier - Quantstack)
* The state of packaging in Pyodide (Hood Chatham - Anaconda / Pyodide)
* A history of Python in the Browser (Pascal Chambon)
* Python is the browser - Grail! (Russell Keith-Magee - Anaconda)
* Introducing SPy: Python-ish compiled directly to WASM (Antonio Cuni -
  Anaconda)

These were presented in a "seminar fashion" where people were encouraged to
respectfully interrupt, question, debate and otherwise constructively engage
during the presentation of the subject matter.

## Packaging debate

The main focus for discussion in the afternoon was packaging in the context of

> web assembly. The TL;DR is something we've named the Lemburg Paradox (named

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebAssembly. The TL;DR is something we've named the Lemburg Paradox (named
```
